---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cdo_ftd_device Data Source - cdo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Ftd data source
---

# cdo_ftd_device (Data Source)

Ftd data source



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A human-readable name for the Firewall Threat Defense (FTD). This name must be unique.

### Read-Only

- `access_policy_id` (String) The ID of the cloud-delivered FMC (cdFMC) access policy applied to this FTD.
- `access_policy_name` (String) The name of the Cloud-Delivered FMC (cdFMC) access policy that will be used by the FTD.
- `generated_command` (String) The command to run in the FTD CLI to register it with the cloud-delivered FMC (cdFMC).
- `grouped_labels` (Map of Set of String) A map of grouped labels to identify the device as part of a group. Refer to the [CDO documentation](https://docs.defenseorchestrator.com/t-applying-labels-to-devices-and-objects.html#!c-labels-and-filtering.html) for details on how labels are used in CDO.
- `hostname` (String) The Hostname of the cloud-delivered FMC (cdFMC) manages this FTD.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the device. This is a UUID and is automatically generated when the device is created.
- `labels` (Set of String) A list of labels to identify the device as part of a group. Refer to the [CDO documentation](https://docs.defenseorchestrator.com/t-applying-labels-to-devices-and-objects.html#!c-labels-and-filtering.html) for details on how labels are used in CDO.
- `licenses` (List of String) Comma-separated list of licenses to apply to this FTD. You must enable at least the "BASE" license. Allowed values are: ["BASE", "CARRIER", "THREAT", "MALWARE", "URLFilter",].
- `nat_id` (String) The Network Address Translation (NAT) ID of this FTD.
- `performance_tier` (String) The performance tier of the virtual FTD, if virtual is set to false, this field is ignored as performance tiers are not applicable to physical FTD devices. Allowed values are: ["FTDv5", "FTDv10", "FTDv20", "FTDv30", "FTDv50", "FTDv100", "FTDv"].
- `reg_key` (String) The Registration Key of this FTD.
- `virtual` (Boolean) This determines if this FTD is virtual. If false, performance_tier is ignored as performance tiers are not applicable to physical FTD devices.
