---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cdo_asa_device Resource - cdo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides an ASA device resource. This allows ASA devices to be onboarded, updated, and deleted on CDO.
---

# cdo_asa_device (Resource)

Provides an ASA device resource. This allows ASA devices to be onboarded, updated, and deleted on CDO.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connector_type` (String) The type of the connector that will be used to communicate with the device. CDO can communicate with your device using either a Cloud Connector (CDG) or a Secure Device Connector (SDC); see [the CDO documentation](https://docs.defenseorchestrator.com/c-connect-cisco-defense-orchestratortor-the-secure-device-connector.html) to learn more (Valid values: [CDG, SDC]).
- `ignore_certificate` (Boolean) Set this attribute to true if you do not want CDO to validate the certificate of this device before onboarding.
- `name` (String) A human-readable name for the device.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password used to authenticate with the device.
- `socket_address` (String) The address of the device to onboard, specified in the format `host:port`.
- `username` (String) The username used to authenticate with the device.

### Optional

- `connector_name` (String) The name of the Secure Device Connector (SDC) that will be used to communicate with the device. This value is not required if the connector type selected is Cloud Connector (CDG).
- `grouped_labels` (Map of Set of String) Specify a map of grouped labels to identify the device as part of a group. Refer to the [CDO documentation](https://docs.defenseorchestrator.com/t-applying-labels-to-devices-and-objects.html#!c-labels-and-filtering.html) for details on how labels are used in CDO.
- `labels` (Set of String) Specify a set of labels to identify the device as part of a group. Refer to the [CDO documentation](https://docs.defenseorchestrator.com/t-applying-labels-to-devices-and-objects.html#!c-labels-and-filtering.html) for details on how labels are used in CDO.

### Read-Only

- `host` (String) The host used to connect to the device.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the device. This is a UUID and is automatically generated when the device is created.
- `port` (Number) The port used to connect to the device.
