---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cdo_duo_admin_panel Resource - cdo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides an Duo Admin Panel resource. This allows Duo Admin Panels to be onboarded, updated, and deleted on CDO.
---

# cdo_duo_admin_panel (Resource)

Provides an Duo Admin Panel resource. This allows Duo Admin Panels to be onboarded, updated, and deleted on CDO.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The API hostname for an Admin API application in the Duo Admin Panel. Refer to the CDO documentation for details on how to create an Admin API application to onboard your Duo Admin Panel in CDO.
- `integration_key` (String, Sensitive) The integration key for an Admin API application in the Duo Admin Panel. Refer to the CDO documentation for details on how to create an Admin API application to onboard your Duo Admin Panel in CDO.
- `name` (String) A human-readable name for the Duo Admin Panel.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret key for an Admin API application in the Duo Admin Panel. Refer to the CDO documentation for details on how to create an Admin API application to onboard your Duo Admin Panel in CDO.

### Optional

- `grouped_labels` (Map of Set of String) Specify a set of grouped labels to identify the Duo Admin Panel as part of a group. Refer to the [CDO documentation](https://docs.defenseorchestrator.com/t-applying-labels-to-devices-and-objects.html#!c-labels-and-filtering.html) for details on how labels are used in CDO.
- `labels` (Set of String) Specify a set of labels to identify the Duo Admin Panel as part of a group. Refer to the [CDO documentation](https://docs.defenseorchestrator.com/t-applying-labels-to-devices-and-objects.html#!c-labels-and-filtering.html) for details on how labels are used in CDO.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the Duo Admin Panel. This is a UUID and is automatically generated when the Duo Admin Panel is created.
